the Strada pickup truck is a model of very
Success in Brazil since the test I did
with one of them through the large field streets
for a long time and many years ago
behind the transportation was done so in
ox cars as and if pictured on the
the pioneers'
big capital capital of mato grosso do
south in 1995 and before this monument
that we're going to start the drive test.
today with the picape fiat strada adventure
and recently underwent a
reestilization and we auto news we have the
mission in this test drive to discover
why the road truck is the most
sold in the Brazilian market within the
its segment to strada pickup is even a
Sales champion released in 1998 this
picape won the adventure version only
in 2001
the double cabin only came in 2009 to
conquer those who have always liked the
road style but sometimes
they needed to take a third or fourth
occupant
in this version rated adventure with
extended cabin
the appeal is more visual than functional and
look at the young audience
the lines please and give a certain air
adventurous
the full-bodied bumper with headlights
inlaid fog leaves the front
Bottled
when the subject is space
the road offers several options and
cabin for simple
the load capacity in the hopper is
1,100 book with the booth extended that
number drops to 800 books
and in the truck with double cabin the driver
can carry 580 liters in its
song space for anyone going to
board of the strada extended cabin is
cool and cool that you can still save
some objects behind the seat since it is
a good space there small backpacks
bags go with all the comfort and this
increases the versatility of this neighboring property
engine 1.8 yields 132 horses with ethanol
in the tank
the performance really is very good only
that not so much the engine 1.8 has
A very good touch.
pickup truck
The problem is that it charges its price on
fuel consumption
on average we did in the city about 8.8
kilometers with a liter of gasoline
enough